Add doc about usage stats tracking (#2733)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Distributor: if forwarding rules are used to forward samples, exemplars are now removed from the request. #2710 #2725
* [CHANGE] Limits: change the default value of `max_global_series_per_metric` limit to `0` (disabled). Setting this limit by default does not provide much benefit because series are sharded by all labels. #2714

> * [FEATURE] Introduced an experimental anonymous usage statistics tracking (disabled by default), to help Mimir maintainers driving better decisions to support the opensource community. The tracking system anonymously collects non-sensitive and non-personal identifiable information about the running Mimir cluster, and is disabled by default. #2643 #2662 #2685 #2732 #2733

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Introduced an experimental anonymous usage statistics tracking (disabled by default), to help Mimir maintainers make better decisions to support the open source community. The tracking system anonymously collects non-sensitive, non-personally identifiable information about the running Mimir cluster, and is disabled by default. #2643 #2662 #2685 #2732 #2733
```
